Alright, in this challenge I want you to remove
duplicate items from a linked list,
and I want your solution to do two things,
I want it to use the JDK's LinkedList class
and in fact starter project in the resources section
has the code for creating the linked list
and populating it with some employee instances,
and I want your solution to use a HashMap.
Now in your solution you shouldn't have to maintain
any extra fields pointing at items in the linked list.
Okay so you shouldn't have to have any fields
and you're trying to track where things
are in the linked list as you're removing duplicates.
Instead, your solution should use a HashMap
and I'll leave it to you to figure out how
you should use that HashMap.
And so, start with the starter project,
you'll notice that the code from the last challenge
is still there, I've just commented it out,
and one important thing here is that you can assume
that if an employee has the same key as another employee
then they're duplicates, and so you don't need to check
the entire instance.
You don't have to say "Are the IDs equal,
"are the first names equal, and are the last names equal?"
You don't have to do that.
For this challenge we're gonna say if two employees
have the same ID then they're the same employee
because whatever company we work for the IDs are unique.
You can't assign the same ID to two different employees.
Alright, so with that in mind,
good luck and I'll see you in the solution video.